style: apply /style-guide pass to models/registry (#2721)
wandb/docs: models/registry/configure_registry.mdx

description: "Configure W&B Registry access by managing users and teams, assigning roles, and setting role-based permissions."
---

This page shows registry admins how to control access to a W&B Registry by managing its members and their permissions. Use these procedures to add or remove users and teams, assign or change registry roles, and understand the permissions each role provides.

> A registry admin can [configure registry roles](/models/registry/configure_registry/#configure-registry-roles), [add users](/models/registry/configure_registry/#add-a-user-or-a-team-to-a-registry), or [remove users](/models/registry/configure_registry/#remove-a-user-or-team-from-a-registry) from a registry through the registry's settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registry admins can control access to a W&B Registry by managing members and permissions. Use the registry settings to [configure registry roles]/models/registry/configure_registry/#configure-registry-roles), [add users](/models/registry/configure_registry/#add-a-user-or-a-team-to-a-registry) or teams, and [remove users or teams](/models/registry/configure_registry/#remove-a-user-or-team-from-a-registry).
```

Author: Applied your suggestion (fixed a missing `(` in the first link so it resolves).

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

## Configure registry roles

This section shows how to configure roles for registry members. The role you assign determines what actions a user or team can perform in the registry. For more information about registry roles, including the capabilities of each role, order of precedence, and defaults, see [Details about registry roles](#details-about-registry-roles).

1. Navigate to the W&B Registry at https://wandb.ai/registry/.
2. Select the registry you want to configure.
3. Click the gear icon in the upper right corner.
4. Scroll to the **Registry members and roles** section.
5. Within the **Member** field, search for the user or team you want to edit permissions for.
6. In the **Registry role** column, click the user's role.
7. From the dropdown, select the role you want to assign to the user.

## Details about registry roles

The following sections give more information about registry roles.

<Note>
Your [role in a team](/platform/app/settings-page/teams/#team-roles-and-permissions) has no impact or relationship to your role in any registry.
</Note>

### Default roles

> W&B automatically assigns a default **registry role** to a user or team when you add them to a registry. This role determines what they can do in that registry.

Reviewer: Next time, it'd be nice to not add a newline to the PR. It makes it look like we need to review content but it's just moved.

Author: Removed the stray blank line — it came from the backward-compatibility anchor just below, which I've also removed.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

| Team                                   | Restricted Viewer (Server v0.75.0+) <br />Viewer (Server v0.74.x and earlier) | Restricted Viewer                               |
| User or service account (non-admin)    | Restricted Viewer (Server v0.75.0+) <br />Viewer (Server v0.74.x and earlier) | Restricted Viewer                               |
| Service account (non-admin)            | Member<sup><a href="#service_account_footnote">1</a></sup>                | Member<sup><a href="#service_account_footnote">1</a></sup> |
| Org admin                              | Admin                                                       | Admin                                           |

<a id="service_account_footnote">1</a>: Service accounts can't have **Viewer** or **Restricted Viewer** roles. See [Service account access](#service-account-access) for how a service account's access is determined.

A registry admin can assign or modify roles for users and teams in the registry. For more information, see [Configure registry roles](#configure-registry-roles).

> {/* Backward-compatibility anchor: external pages (for example, automations docs) and localized pages link to #registry-roles. Keep this anchor so those inbound links continue to resolve to the role definitions below. */}

Reviewer: What?

Author: That was a backward-compatibility `#registry-roles` anchor I'd added for an earlier bot suggestion. Removed it. Note: `models/automations/create-automations.mdx` still links to `#registry-roles` and should be repointed to `#role-permissions` separately.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

<a id="registry-roles"></a>

### Role permissions

The following table lists each registry role, along with the permissions each role provides:

| Permission                                                                                                            | Permission Group | Restricted Viewer<br />(Multi-tenant Cloud, by invitation) | Viewer | Member | Admin |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|:------:|:------:|:-----:|
| View a collection's details                                                                                           | Read             | ✓                                                          |   ✓    |   ✓    |   ✓   |
| View a linked artifact's details                                                                                      | Read             | ✓                                                          |   ✓    |   ✓    |   ✓   |

> | Usage: Consume an artifact in a registry with `use_artifact`                                                          | Read             |                                                            |   ✓    |   ✓    |   ✓   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Usage: Consume an artifact in a registry with `wandb.Artifact.use_artifact()`                                                          | Read             |                                                            |   ✓    |   ✓    |   ✓   |
```

Author: Applied, using `wandb.Run.use_artifact()` — `use_artifact()` is a `Run` method (as referenced in the Restricted Viewer section below); `wandb.Artifact.use_artifact()` isn't a valid method.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

### Change the owner of a registry

A registry admin can designate any member as a registry's owner, including a **Restricted Viewer** or a **Viewer**. Registry ownership is for accountability and doesn't confer any additional permissions beyond those granted by the user's assigned role.

To change the owner:

1. Navigate to the W&B Registry at https://wandb.ai/registry/.
2. Select the registry you want to configure.
3. Click the gear icon in the upper right corner.
4. Scroll to the **Registry members and roles** section.
5. Hover over the row for a member.
6. Click the **action (<Icon icon="ellipsis" iconType="solid"/>)** menu at the end of the row, then click **Make owner**.

> ## Configure registry roles

Author: Addressed in f1f7b2c. To clarify the premise: there was never a literal `#registry-roles` heading here — on `main` the sections are "Configure Registry roles" (`#configure-registry-roles`) and "Details about Registry roles" (`#details-about-registry-roles`), so inbound `#registry-roles` links were already broken.

I took both steps: repointed the in-repo links (`aliases.mdx`) to the precise `#role-permissions` target, and added an explicit `<a id="registry-roles"></a>` anchor just above the Role permissions table so the remaining out-of-scope inbound links (for example, `models/automations/create-automations.mdx`) and the localized pages keep resolving — without editing files outside this PR's scope.
